
=head2 NAME

B<Gondwana>

=head2 SYNOPSIS

  use lib './Mirovia';
  use Gondwana;

=head2 DESCRIPTION

Model of tonal inversion functions.

=head2 VARIABLES

=over

=item %matrices

Instrument Tunings

=item %chromia

Open Pitches

=item @corundum

Mode Signatures

=item @emerald

Mode Signatures

=item %patterns

Regular Expressions

=item %metalograph

Musical Scales

=back

=head2 SUBROUTINES

=over

=item &hedgerow

Takes a String argument and returns a List of Strings.
Returns an empty List on failure to match any Tunings.

  {
    my $harp = 'beadgcf';
    my @arms = Gondwana::hedgerow $harp;
    print "\t@arms\n";
  }

=item &pickaxe

Takes no arguments, returns a sorted List of Strings.

  {
    my @gear = Gondwana::pickaxe;
    print "\t@gear\n";
  }

=item &machine

Takes no arguments, returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my @arts = Gondwana::machine;
    print "\t@arts\n";
  }

=item &tension

Takes a String argument and returns a List of Integers.

  {
    my $tone = 'dn';
    my @fork = Gondwana::tension $tone;
    print "\t@fork\n";
  }

=item &sanguine

Takes no arguments, returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my @ruby = Gondwana::sanguine;
    print "\t@ruby\n";
  }

=item &viridian

Takes no arguments, returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my @jade = Gondwana::viridian;
    print "\t@jade\n";
  }

=item &lapidary

Takes no arguments, returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my @gems = Gondwana::lapidary;
    print "\t@gems\n";
  }

=item &regulus

Takes a String argument and returns a Regular Expression.

  {
    my $sign = 'j3k56m4';
    my $reps = Gondwana::regulus 'clefs';
    my $bool = ( $sign =~ m{$reps}a );
    my $flag = $bool ? 1 : 0;
    print "\t$flag\n";
  }

=item &tacet

Takes no arguments, returns a String.

  {
    my $mute = Gondwana::tacet;
    print "\t$mute\n\n";
  }

=item &keynotes

Takes no arguments, returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my @arks = Gondwana::keynotes;
    print "\t@arks\n";
  }

=item &acquire

Takes a String argument and returns a String.

  {
    my $sign = 'j2k56m4';
    my $rope = Gondwana::acquire $sign;
    print "\t$rope\n";
  }

=item &membership

Takes a String argument and returns a Boolean.

  {
    my $sign = 'k1j6l7';
    my $bool = Gondwana::membership $sign;
    my $flag = $bool ? 1 : 0;
    print "\t$flag\n";
  }

=back

=head2 AUTHOR

Reid Netterville III

L<Code Repository|https://github.com/reidiiius/panthalassa>

=cut

