
=head1 NAME

Rodinia

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use lib './Mirovia';
  use Rodinia;

=head1 SUBROUTINES

=over

=item &validate

Takes a String argument and returns a Boolean.

  {
    my $sign = 'k2j56';
    my $bool = Rodinia::validate $sign;
    my $flag = ( $bool ? 1 : 0 );
    print "\t$flag\n";
  }

=item &stockade

Takes two String arguments and returns a String.

  {
    my ( $tone, $sign ) = ( 'fn', 'n0' );
    my $cord = Rodinia::stockade( $tone, $sign );
    print "\t$cord\n";
  }

=item &compose

Takes two String arguments and returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my ( $harp, $sign ) = ( 'cgdae', 'k6' );
    my @lout = Rodinia::compose( $harp, $sign );
    print "\n";
    foreach my $crow (@lout) {
      print "\t$crow\n";
    }
    print "\n";
  }

=item &vestibule

Takes two String arguments and returns a List of Strings.

  {
    my ( $harp, $sign ) = ( 'cgdae', 'n0' );
    my @star = Rodinia::vestibule( $harp, $sign );
    print "\n";
    foreach my $crow (@star) {
      print "\t$crow\n";
    }
    print "\n";
  }

=item &reflector

Takes a List of String arguments and prints formated Strings to screen.

  {
    my $tune = 'cgdae';
    my @arks = qw( k1 k5 );
    my @args = ( $tune, @arks );
    Rodinia::reflector @args;
  }

=item &whiskey

Takes a Scalar argument to match and returns a List of matched Strings.

  {
    my $regex = '^[jkn]\d$';
    my @accum = Rodinia::whiskey $regex;
    print "\t@accum\n";
  }

=item &kleenex

Takes a List of Scalar arguments to match and prints matched Strings to screen.

  {
    my @args = qw( j3 j6 );
    Rodinia::kleenex @args;
  }

=item &passkey

Takes a String argument and prints a transformed String to screen.

  {
    my $sign = 'j6';
    Rodinia::passkey $sign;
    print "\n";
  }

=item &collect

Takes a Scalar argument to match and returns a List of matched Strings.

  {
    my $tone = 'rx';
    my @vase = Rodinia::collect $tone;
    print "\t@vase\n";
  }

=item &dialect

Takes a Scalar argument to match and prints matched Strings formated to screen.

  {
    my $tone = 'yq';
    Rodinia::dialect $tone;
    print "\n";
  }

=item &correlate

Takes a List of Scalar arguments to match and prints matched Strings to screen.

  {
    my @args = qw( j6 yq );
    Rodinia::correlate @args;
  }

=item &entryway

Takes a List of String arguments and prints formated Strings to screen.
The first argument should match a Tuning, the others a Mode Signature.

  {
    my @args = qw( fkbjdn n0 j2 );
    Rodinia::entryway(@args);
  }

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

=over

=item Reid Netterville III

=item https://github.com/reidiiius/panthalassa

=back

=cut

